README.md, before:

<img src="https://github.com/NilavPatel/Ng-Prime/blob/master/src/assets/images/company-name.png" width="400" height="100">

# Angular + PrimeNg

## Add primefaces UI library to application
`````
npm install primeng --save
npm install primeicons --save
npm install @angular/animations --save
`````

## Add css dependencies to index.html
`````javascript
add css and js files to angular.json file

    "styles": [              
        "./node_modules/primeicons/primeicons.css",
        "./node_modules/primeng/resources/themes/nova-light/theme.css",
        "./node_modules/primeng/resources/primeng.min.css",
        "./node_modules/@fortawesome/fontawesome-free/css/all.css",
        "src/styles.css"
    ],
    "scripts": [
        "./node_modules/chart.js/dist/Chart.js"
    ]
`````
	
## Add prime components dependencies in app.ngprime.module.ts
````javascript
import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';
import { InputTextModule } from 'primeng/inputtext';
````

## Add routing into separate module app.routing.module.ts

## Build and Run project
`````javascript
ng build
ng serve
`````

## features
````
1. custom loader service
2. custom notification service
3. font awesome icons
4. state management service to maintain state on page refresh
5. back button functionality for views
6. Add custom validations and form validations into form group
````

### Login page

![image login](https://github.com/NilavPatel/ng-prime/blob/master/src/assets/images/login-page.png)

### Dashboard page

![image dashboard](https://github.com/NilavPatel/ng-prime/blob/master/src/assets/images/dashboard-page.png)

### Responsive  layout for desktop, tablet and mobile

![image dashboard](https://github.com/NilavPatel/ng-prime/blob/master/src/assets/images/responsive.png)

Commit message:

add logout on user inactivity
add logout on user inactivity

README.md, after:

<img src="https://github.com/NilavPatel/Ng-Prime/blob/master/src/assets/images/company-name.png" width="400" height="100">

# Angular + PrimeNg

## Add primefaces UI library to application
`````
npm install primeng --save
npm install primeicons --save
npm install @angular/animations --save
`````

## Add css dependencies to index.html
`````javascript
add css and js files to angular.json file

    "styles": [              
        "./node_modules/primeicons/primeicons.css",
        "./node_modules/primeng/resources/themes/nova-light/theme.css",
        "./node_modules/primeng/resources/primeng.min.css",
        "./node_modules/@fortawesome/fontawesome-free/css/all.css",
        "src/styles.css"
    ],
    "scripts": [
        "./node_modules/chart.js/dist/Chart.js"
    ]
`````
	
## Add prime components dependencies in app.ngprime.module.ts
````javascript
import { NgModule } from '@angular/core';
import { InputTextModule } from 'primeng/inputtext';
````

## Add routing into separate module app.routing.module.ts

## Build and Run project
`````javascript
ng build
ng serve
`````

## features
````
1. custom loader service
2. custom notification service
3. font awesome icons
4. state management service to maintain state on page refresh
5. back button functionality for views
6. Add custom validations and form validations into form group
7. sidebar in notification icon click
8. custom dialog box on contact us page
9. user inactivity tracing, auto logout on 5 minute inactivity
````

### Login page

![image login](https://github.com/NilavPatel/ng-prime/blob/master/src/assets/images/login-page.png)

### Dashboard page

![image dashboard](https://github.com/NilavPatel/ng-prime/blob/master/src/assets/images/dashboard-page.png)

### Responsive  layout for desktop, tablet and mobile

![image dashboard](https://github.com/NilavPatel/ng-prime/blob/master/src/assets/images/responsive.png)
